Make project REUSE compliant (#8848)
gardener/gardener: docs/development/reuse-api.md

# REUSE API compliance

We are using the [REUSE API](https://api.reuse.software/) to check and display the compliance with the REUSE guidelines.

> To run the REUSE linter to ensure the compliance of the project in case you added new files to the project you need to 
> runt the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the REUSE linter to ensure the compliance of the project in case you add new files to the project you need to 
run the following steps:
```

Author: Addressed.

1. Install the `reuse` tool

```shell
# setup a virtual python environment in a location of your choice
virtualenv -p python3 dev
# active your python environment
source dev/bin/activate
# install the reuse tool cli
pip install reuse
```

2. Run the `resue` linter

```shell

> reuse lint

Reviewer: Can you adapt `make check` to check if the project is reuse-compliant and remove the check for the license header?
https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/d395f33500d91c144202d15b9760e39a3783a973/Makefile#L167
I guess a project is reuse-complaint only if all files have a license.

Author: Unfortunately the `reuse` tool is a python app and I am not a huge fan of instrumenting `python` style tools installation via `Makefile`. Maybe a Docker based solution might help here. Maybe this topic needs to be addressed in a seperate PR.

@MartinWeindel you enabled reuse for some of your projects. Do you have some instrumentation of the reuse tool in your `Makefile`s?
